README.md, before:

﻿# In-depth cell and organoid phenotyping using image analysis and deep learning
Advancements in deep learning technologies have significantly enhanced bio-image analysis, via image segmentation and classification, for example, particularly in complex cellular systems, such as organoids. While segmentation of cells and cell nuclei in 2-dimensional (2D) images is now well-established, challenges persist in 3-dimensional (3D) images of cellular systems due to high cellular density, variable contrast, and the scarcity of reliable training data. Proximity adjusted centroid mapping (PAC-MAP), a 3D U-Net-based approach, has improved nuclei detection by refining centroid positioning, outperforming traditional methods, especially in dense samples. While 2D pipelines have been developed to enable  morphology-based single-cell phenotyping that showed to be effective in compound mode-of-action prediction, cell type classification, and cell state profiling based on 2D images, methods for effectively phenotyping 3D cellular systems are mostly lacking. Building on these foundations, this research aims to leverage deep learning to perform in-depth phenotyping of cells and organoids using 3D imaging data, facilitating robust, automated analysis at scale. Concretely, the objective is to furthere develop the multiscale analysis of organoids using convolutional neural network-based image analysis, allowing comprehensive phenotyping while preserving spatial context. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1d099abf-86da-4cc1-bc3d-3bd91fbb2b0e)

## Content Structure
| Folder | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `pre-processing/` | contains scripts for dimensionality reduction, spatial clustering, and visualising in napari |
| `models/` | contains SVC and MLP prediction models |
| `post-processing/` | contains the script for visual confirmation of MLP prediction results |

Commit message:

Final draft: added a figure caption

README.md, after:

﻿# In-depth cell and organoid phenotyping using image analysis and deep learning
Advancements in deep learning technologies have significantly enhanced bio-image analysis, via image segmentation and classification, for example, particularly in complex cellular systems, such as organoids. While segmentation of cells and cell nuclei in 2-dimensional (2D) images is now well-established, challenges persist in 3-dimensional (3D) images of cellular systems due to high cellular density, variable contrast, and the scarcity of reliable training data. Proximity adjusted centroid mapping (PAC-MAP), a 3D U-Net-based approach, has improved nuclei detection by refining centroid positioning, outperforming traditional methods, especially in dense samples. While 2D pipelines have been developed to enable  morphology-based single-cell phenotyping that showed to be effective in compound mode-of-action prediction, cell type classification, and cell state profiling based on 2D images, methods for effectively phenotyping 3D cellular systems are mostly lacking. Building on these foundations, this research aims to leverage deep learning to perform in-depth phenotyping of cells and organoids using 3D imaging data, facilitating robust, automated analysis at scale. Concretely, the objective is to furthere develop the multiscale analysis of organoids using convolutional neural network-based image analysis, allowing comprehensive phenotyping while preserving spatial context. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1d099abf-86da-4cc1-bc3d-3bd91fbb2b0e)
*Figure showing the automated identification of infiltrated glioblastoma cells in a cerebral organoid. A: XY slice through the raw grayscale image slice of a cerebral organoid stained with a nuclear dye; B: maximum intensity projection of 15 slices centred on the slice in A with the nuclear dye channel in grey and the glioblastoma marker channel in magenta. Points indicate a subsamples portion of all identified cells. The point colour indicated the predicted glioblastoma label (green/red = positive/negative) using a neural network operating on single-cell features.*

## Content Structure
| Folder | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `pre-processing/` | contains scripts for dimensionality reduction, spatial clustering, and visualising in napari |
| `models/` | contains SVC and MLP prediction models |
| `post-processing/` | contains the script for visual confirmation of MLP prediction results |
